ANNOUNCER: Thanks for
downloading this Fox show.
And don't miss all-new episodes
only on Fox.
Jess, why couldn't
you marry me?
Oh, I don't know.
You know.
No, I-I don't know.
It's Nick.
I... love you.
You love me?
I love you.
I love you, too.
Wow, that feels
so good to say.
I now pronounce you
husband and...
(glass breaks, cheering)
I'm booking a ticket.
A ticket?
Yeah, Reagan is going
to New Orleans for work
for three months and she asked
me to go with her.
And I'm gonna do it.
♪ ♪
(phone chimes, Cece gasps)
Damn it!
This is an alert?
(groans)
I did not need to know that
the Riblet sandwich is back.
How long does it take
to respond to a house offer?
Breathe, okay?
We will find out about the house
when we find out
about the house.
You're right.
All right.
You're right. Okay.
We're fine. We're fine.
We're fine, we're fine.
(both sigh)
I'm so excited!
We're finally getting a house!
As I was saying,
I never felt love like this.
I really miss
your lips on mine.
Babe, it's just a two month
FBI training program.
I had a major
breakthrough this week.
I perfected my
"keep vamping,
we've almost
traced the call" gesture.
Oh, wow, really?
Well, you know, we've had some
breakthroughs of our own
over here, too.
You know, I got to say,
your sister
is really coming into her own
as a real estate agent.
In fact, I think she may have
found a house
for Schmidt and Cece.
That's amazing!
Oh, thank you so much
for looking out for Leslie.
It means the world to me.
Well, would you describe
yourself as, I don't know,
owing me?
'Cause I will take my
repayment in the form of...
(loud grinding)
What the hell
is that noise?
Jess? For Pete's sake.
(knocking)
What is that infernal racket?
Hey, I was just making some
table legs.
But if it's too loud,
I can table them for later.
This whole summer,
you've been doing one activity
after another.
The urban corn harvest.
Learning Portuguese.
You joined that SoulShred gym
and got scary ripped.
(nuts clatter on floor)
Oh.
(grunts loudly)
What is going on with you?
Okay. All right.
(clears throat)
She's a badass, that is what is
going on with her.
Woodworking is awesome.
Okay, woodworking is insane.
It's woodturning, but go on.
Honey, do you think that
any of these hobbies
have anything to do with...
With Nick?
Nicholas Miller?
That ole turkey burger?
Yeah.
He's in New Orleans
with his perfect girlfriend.
And I'm fine.
Okay.
Actually, I'm doing great.
(stammering):
I moved past him.
I-I-I'm over him.
Just checking.
I'm moving forward.
Cool.
Or as they say in Portuguese,
Empurrando para a frente.
Which technically means
"thrusting forward."
It's a very sexual language.
Honey.
We got the house.
(gasps)
We got the house!
(screams excitedly)
Leslie, I can't believe
you pulled this off.
Every morning
I just Google "house"
and sometimes stuff comes up.
Guys, look at us.
You guys are married.
Winston, you're in love,
Nick's in a serious
relationship of his own,
and I am a truly
excellent friend.
Why are you looking at my house?
Hello, sir, how are you?
We're the ones
who are buying your home.
I'm not selling my house.
What?
Oh, maybe that's why
there's no sign.
Maybe I got
the address wrong.
I mean...
What are you ta--
how did we get into the house?
We walked through it
three times.
What?
Oh, that's a mistake.
Why would you do that?
CECE:
Oh!
He's got a bat!
(panicked shouting)
JESS: Oh, my God, the
car's the other way!
I'm sorry, sir.
♪ ♪
All right, I'm taking charge.
Winston, Leslie has to go.
No!
She's the worst real estate
agent of all time.
Aly and I just
went long distance.
I can't tell her that
you fired her little sister.
This is a delicate situation
for our relationship.
Please, Jess.
Why are you ask...
why are you asking Jess?
And, Jess, why are you inserting
yourself into this?
If anyone's inserting
themself, it's Winston.
He's like a tongue at
a seventh grade birthday party.
Okay, look, fine,
can I at least be the one
to break the news to her?
Yes, you may.
Thank you, Jess.
It is so great to know
Yeah.
who your real friends are.
Get off the sofa.
Yeah.
Go check on your cat.
Look, we'll find a place, okay?
I didn't like that
house that much anyway.
I just can't be married,
living with roommates.
Well, hey!
Well, I hope you saved some
for Furguson.
(singsongy):
'Cause you forgot yesterday.
(chuckles)
No!
(screams)
(screaming)
No!
Look at our wedding photo.
I want to hang our wedding photo
in our house.
I want to start
our lives together.
I know.
Guys, we are
in this together.
We're just gonna have to
find a house ourselves.
I need a project now that
my table's almost done.
I'll be your
real estate agent.
I've already found, like,
five open houses today.
Like, this one is a fixer-upper,
but don't judge a house
by its smoke damage.
Okay, babe,
this was a crime scene.
Yeah, but that
was months ago.
And it was drug thing,
so there are no ghosts.
That's not how ghosts work.
This is in your price range,
and it's, like, only five
minutes from the loft.
I really think this is
the best investment
of our money right now.
Okay, okay, okay. Okay.
Hey, babe?
(groans)
I think we got this, okay?
Yes.
We got this.
Actually, we, we got this.
Preach!
We got this.
Jess, look at us for a second,
the two of us, Cece and I.
We. Us.
BOTH:
We got this.
(chuckles): All right.
Schmidt, bedrooms.
Cece, bathrooms.
I'm gonna smell everything.
Bonjour! Crawdaddy's home, and
he's ready to see his crawkids!
Who's home?
Schmidty, Jess?
Winston?
Winston's cat?
Fine. Cece?
The en suite is en fleek.
I love this house, too.
I poked my head in the shower.
Perfect, gentle,
unrelenting pressure.
Like when my mom made me
rehearse my haftarah portion.
I don't know, guys.
Lot of lost dog
posters around.
Really sad neighborhood.
Also it's crazy expensive.
I'm the voice of reason,
that's why you brought me with.
We-we didn't
bring you with.
You followed us
here in your car.
Okay.
She followed us the whole way.
I know, I know.
Cece, I'm begging you,
please tell her to go home.
Yeah, I know.
We need to start
setting some boundaries.
You know what, though?
She's not wrong.
This place is way over
our borrowing limit.
Damn it.
(sighs)
The only place that was even
close was that...
BOTH:
Carpet house.
All right.
We will ask for a bigger loan.
And It'll be tight,
but we'll manage it.
Okay.
Yeah, we can do it.
Look, we'll just
make sacrifices.
Yeah.
We'll pack our lunches.
We'll cut out cup-on's.
It's coupons.
Cup-ons, yeah.
No, you're saying cup-ons.
Well, it's fine.
It's not important,
we'll cut out cup-ons.
Coupons.
But if we're gonna
do this, we're gonna have
to go to the bank now
because this house is gonna
go like this, I know it.
Why is she talking
to the realtor?
I will handle it, okay?
It's-it's tot... it's... Oh.
Jess?
I'm so sorry,
do you mind if I just
steal her away for a
minute? Jessica?
Hey, honey, this can't happen.
You're right,
this is not your house.
Toni-Anne, we're walking!
No, no.
You being here.
You taking over as our
real estate agent because...
you can't stop
thinking about Nick.
Cece, not everything's
about Nick.
Curvando diante
da face errada.
In Portuguese,
"You're bending before
the wrong face."
Again, very sexual language.
You know I love you and I
will always be there for you
in an emergency, but Schmidt and
I need to do this by ourselves.
You got to go home.
Okay.
I got it.
You guys are moving forward,
You don't need
ol' Jess the Mess.
I'm gonna go home.
But seriously,
I crawled under the house
and the retrofitting
is rookie work.
Okay.
She going home?
Yeah, let's go to the bank.
Let's do it.
You know what, actually,
I just want to use
the cooktop first.
Make an egg.
Honey, where are you
gonna get an egg?
Got two eggs right here.
Got a pan right here.
Think I'm gonna buy a house
and not make an egg first?
And I'm a Sagittarius,
which is why I'm so good
with people and horses.
But it also makes me, like,
really sleepy.
Uh, Leslie...
(nervous laugh)
Um, there's no...
there's no easy way to say this.
Uh...
you...
no longer work...
for Schmidt and Cece.
No, no, they're firing me?
No, but didn't you tell them
how good I am?
Well, you know, I tried to.
I was like, I was like,
"Man, she good..."
You didn't stick up for me,
Winston?
Well, I tried...
I'm calling Aly!
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hey, no, no, time out, time out.
Listen, hey, hey, hey.
Time out. Stop.
Stop that. You
didn't let me finish.
You don't work
for Schmidt and Cece
anymore, because...
'Cause you work for me now.
I'm buying a house.
(shrieks happily)
I'm buying a house!
(laughing)
Ha, ha! I'm buying a home.
(horns honking)
We do not look
great on paper.
Please, on paper, we're as ugly
as Winston's bellybutton ring.
Who gets a bellybutton ring
if you have an outie?
And at 33, no less.
But trust me, loan officers
have a lot of discretion.
We just need
to market ourselves.
We need to look him
right in the eye...
Mr. Schmidt
and Mrs. Parikh?
I'm not blind.
I just had my pupils dilated
for an exam.
If it makes you feel any better,
I'm seeing stars, too.
What?
I'm talking about you.
Okay, honey, just... shh.
Shh.
You're a big, bright star.
It ain't gonna be
that kind of party today, pal.
Follow me.
(exhales)
NICK (muffled):
Hey, Crawdaddy's home!
(coughs)
I had a whole
crawdaddy thing, but I...
the point is, I'm home.
(clears throat)
Hey, Nick.
You weren't supposed to be home
for, like, a month.
Are you guys
doing okay?
Yeah, uh, Reagan's drug company
is moving her up to Seattle...
Okay.
...so we're doing
the distance thing.
Yeah, we're doing great.
You know what they call
Seattle in Portland?
North Portland.
Or, uh, Vancouver's Shoe.
What?
Vancouver's Shoe.
(chuckles)
Get in here!
Give me a hug!
Okay.
All right!
Wow, look at you.
You got jacked.
Yeah.
What, did you go to prison?
(chuckles)
(laughs)
No.
I worked out a lot.
Come on, sit down.
I haven't seen you in months.
I need some Jess.
I also have
something
very important to tell you.
Is everything okay?
Um...
I have to, um...
It's just, I have
to meet my friend.
I mean, I have
to go to the zoo.
The zoo? You hate zoos.
Um, I was supposed to meet her
in the lemur section
of the parking lot
like ten minutes ago,
so...
What friend?
Why...? Deedee.
I have to meet Deedee.
She's, like, a good friend.
"Deedee"?
That's not a name.
You have one friend.
It's Cece.
This sounds fishy.
Yeah, no.
We can't loan you
any more money.
JESS (whispering):
Cece!
Oh. Okay.
What?
No, I...
I-I know what this is about.
I'll just be a moment.
You know what what's...
Thank you.
Ce... ce...
What's happening?
What is happening?
Jessica...
You said "emergency."
Well, this is an emergency.
Nick is home.
What is your
emergency?
Don't glory in it, Cece.
Please don't mistake
my measured bank tone
for calmness,
as I am filled with
the waters of rage.
Jess, I know that
you've come here
to convince Cece that
she shouldn't buy this house.
No.
Babe, this is an emergency.
I have feelings
for Nick again, okay?
There. I said it.
(sighs)
I saw him for one second
and I freaked out.
I told him
I was going to the zoo.
BOTH:
You hate the zoo.
There's something about him.
I see him
and my heart explodes.
We all need to meet new people.
Oh...
(seagulls squawking)
Where are we?
Your new hood!
Okay, so, I couldn't
check all the boxes,
but I think nailed
the most important one:
that it can float.
That's a... that's a boat.
Yeah.
I was just driving to my
doctor's office last night
and I saw it.
And you thought, "Okay."
Where-where's your
doctor's office?
Three boats down.
Should we call Aly
and tell her the good news?
I had no idea
you were going through this.
I can't even be
in the same room as Nick.
I don't know
what I'm saying
and what if I say something
that ruins our friendship?
Get out.
What?
Get out. Get out right now.
Get out instantly.
What? What happened to
the "I'm so sorry"?
Nick is on his way to the bank
right now. I texted him.
I need his help with the loan.
What?
We need to put the bar
up for collateral, okay?
We're miles past our borrowing
limit. It's the only way.
Yeah, but the bar?
No time. There he is.
What?
SCHMIDT:
Hey, Nick!
Ah!
(laughing)
Just pretend like we're having
a normal conversation.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
Okay. Um...
This is, um, this is Margaret.
This is Gracie.
Oh. No. You think I...
Oh, no.
I'm not a bank robber.
Stop reaching
for that button.
I'm just trying to avoid my ex.
Oh, thank God.
God, I missed you.
You know,
I slept in your bed twice.
Look at your hair,
you hippie.
Yeah, just come
over here! Great!
Um, oh. Uh, heads up.
There are over 60 pairs
of shoes in your room.
Uh, heads up,
they're all in the hallway now.
Oh, okay.
Sir, sorry to keep you waiting.
This is my co-signer.
(sighs)
NICK:
Point me in any direction
and I'll sign.
(chuckles)
So this is the place, eh?
Beautiful picture of it.
That's how much it is?
That's really exp...
Schmidty, are you sure you know
what you're getting us into?
Yeah, man.
All right.
(Cece giggles)
Congrats.
Did we get the loan?
I wish it were up to me,
because the answer
would be "no"
and all of this would be over.
He's been a buzzkill all day.
Yeah.
That's all right.
I owe you one American dream...
(laughs)
...you sweet angel.
We did it!
I'm so happy
for you guys.
Hey, I gotta go.
(photo clatters to floor)
I got it.
Beautiful family.
(exhales)
It's okay,
it's okay.
(exhales)
This is stupid.
I can't keep hiding from him.
Jess, just give me
a sec, okay?
No, Cece...
Cece, it's fine.
I'll come back
with you.
Go... go with Jess now.
No, no, no, no.
I have to do this myself.
And you guys
have to buy a house.
This is good;
this is you moving forward.
Thanks, Jess.
Get in here.
Oh, I love you guys.
Okay.
(grunts)
Oh...
Oh, my God.
(laughs)
Lost my breath, there.
She's a strong... strong one.
Well, you're getting the loan.
What?
Interest rates are about to drop
and we want to settle you
with a high one
before they do, so...
We got the loan?
We can make an offer?
(laughing):
It doesn't make
a lick of sense to me,
but there you go.
So many zeros.
That's a lot of zeros.
What are you doing?
WINSTON:
Hella?
Are you buying a boat?
(sighs)
Look, it is
a complicated situation.
First off,
I think your sister is amazing.
Secondly,
I know that we just
went long-distance
and I don't want
to give you any bad news,
but...
your sister
ain't that good at her job.
Like, at all.
She's... uh, dumb.
That girl
is the trunk of a tree.
Ain't nobody at home up here.
Okay, you...
She a cottonhead!
Easy...
This girl is
a dumped-out sewing kit.
Easy.
She talkin',
but ain't nobody listenin'.
Easy. That's my sister.
And I know she's an idiot.
(exhales)
Thank God.
Just because we're long-distance
doesn't mean we can't be real
with each other.
Okay?
We have to tell each other
everything.
(sighs)
I don't know what
the word "panache" means.
It means having
a certain kind of flair.
That...
All right, I'm gonna
hang up now. Are you ready?
Of course I'm ready.
(chuckles)
♪ Aly loves Winston ♪
♪ Winston loves Aly ♪
♪ We're both hanging up now ♪
♪ We're hanging up
on the count of a hundred... ♪
Okay, babe. Love you.
And a one, two,
Gotta go, bye.
three...
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay. Love you.
You okay, Jess?
Yeah, it's just...
something I have to handle
on my own.
No such thing.
I'm standing right here.
Lay it on me.
Okay.
But it's pretty major.
Do you think you can handle it?
Yes. N... No.
I jumped the gun.
I should've said I don't...
I don't know.
Here goes. Um...
So Nick's back.
Ooh, don't I know it!
Don't I know it!
Nick is back!
You know,
maybe I can't handle it.
I haven't even gotten
to the major part yet.
Oh.
What I'm trying to say is...
I'm not over Nick.
Oh...
Ooh...
Mm.
Oh...!
Oh...
I know.
Hm... mm...?
Oh...
And you guys are all moving on.
And I'm still here,
where I was,
waiting outside Nick's door,
trying to figure out
how to... talk to him
without having a heart attack.
Okay. Okay, listen.
You can't control
who you panache.
Just a quick check-in:
how am I handling this?
Bizarrely...
but it's kind of working.
Okay.
I have to figure out
how to be friends with him again
but I can't even bring...
bring myself
to knock on his door.
Well, that's okay, Jess,
because I'm here.
(knocking)
NICK:
Yeah?
WINSTON:
Uh, Nick, question:
um, do you have
another gator tooth?
I seem to have swallowed mine.
I've given you
a lot of gator teeth.
This is
the last one.
And stop putting stuff
in your mouth.
I will make no such promise.
Hey, Day.
Hey, Miller.
Well, Bish out.
For the third time in my life,
I have to call off
a boat purchase.
What?
(chuckles)
So I just want to...
How was the zoo?
Oh. Sorry.
You go, you go first.
Oh, I just...
How was New Orleans?
How-how was everything?
It was great.
(laughs)
I came alive in that city, Jess.
I was writing 2,000 pages
a day by hand.
What?
By hand. Yes.
Unfortunately, it all blew
into the Mississippi River.
Oh, my God, no.
That's terrible.
I mean, for you
and for the environment...
And I had to start over,
so I invested in a computer--
I bought the heaviest one
I could find--
and look...
heavy computers, heavy materiel.
This is my first book.
What?
Yeah.
This is what
I wanted to tell you.
Oh, my God.
(laughing):
It's my book!
Nick, how many days did it
take to print this out?
About a week.
I had to go
to a car rental place
at night, but, uh...
read the first page.
"To Anthony Rizzo
and the Chicago Cubs,
"for all we've been through.
"And to my friend Jessica Day...
for the same thing."
I don't know if you
remember this, but, uh...
you were the one who told me
to go to New Orleans.
So thank you.
You're welcome.
We got the house.
For real this time.
That's great!
Come on, let's go see it!
NICK:
Let's go!
Let me just get...
You got to...
Get... yeah,
got to fold it perfect.
Oh. Yeah, okay. Sorry.
Just because, you know...
(exhales)
(doves cooing, wings flapping)
Guys, I know I found this place,
but... yikes.
Is that a bloody kite?
I smell coyote babies.
The other house
was just too expensive.
CECE:
Yeah, this place
is actually perfect.
Or at least it will be,
once we redo it.
This whole room
could be mid-century.
You could use the crown molding
as a focal point.
(squeaking, scuttling)
I'm sorry.
I'm inserting.
It's okay.
No.
Look, we clearly are gonna need
everyone's help on this.
Oh, thank you, God!
Okay. We have to extend
the dining room,
track light
the hallway,
that closet is begging
to be a half bath...
See, what we have here
is called good bones.
You understand?
Hit the wall, make sure...
Oh, no!
(clattering)
Hmm.
Yeah, that... uh, that bone,
that bone was broken
when I saw it.
Whatever. Don't worry about it.
We're gonna tear this place
down to the studs.
Yeah, you know?
We'll just start right here.
(whooping)
CECE:
Right?
It's okay,
'cause we're the owners!
(upbeat pop song begins)
You're the owners!
We're the owners.
Yeah!
They're the owners!
You're gonna live here!
You own it!
♪ Open your eyes ♪
Yah!
All right, Winston!
♪ Careful, surprise ♪
♪ A dream in disguise ♪
Hey, guys.
♪ You know we can have it ♪
Oh, my God.
What?
Oh, my God, it's a fireplace.
Look. Wow.
It's Narnia.
Yeah.
It's beautiful!
Yeah, it's nice, right?
Yeah.
What?
Yeah!
Let's crank this thing up.
JESS:
Ooh...
(whooping)
Oh, yeah!
(laughing)
♪ Put your other foot down ♪
To the house!
All right!
Yeah!
♪ You got to put one foot
in front of the other ♪
♪ Put your other foot down... ♪
ANNOUNCER:
You've just watched New Girl.
Now here are a few more shows
to check out from Fox.
(crowd cheering)
ANNOUNCER:
And there you have it--
for the first time in history,
a woman has taken the mound
in a major league baseball game.
Hi to my daughters, who are
actually watching their dad
with great interest
for this game.
Being a person
that does something
for the first time,
to me,
was really intriguing,
and I really wanted
to take that journey.
-Are you ready for this?
-I've been ready my whole life.
BUNBURY: This is her dream,
but she's worked
incredibly hard for it.
-Again.
-BUNBURY: Jenny's father
sees her gift,
and he wants to
capitalize on that.
You're never gonna have the arm
to get you to the majors.
That's why we need
a secret weapon.
(crowd cheering)
Now let's see this screwgie
everybody's been talkin' about.
Mike is the captain
of the team.
Twelve years
as a veteran catcher.
She comes on the team,
and she's a rookie,
and he treats her like a rookie,
not treating her a certain way
just because of her gender.
Take a breath.
Give me the ball.
-Take a minute.
-Give me the ball.
I have two daughters.
I don't want them to be limited
to things in life
just based on their gender.
Just because
it hasn't been done before
doesn't mean it can't be done.
Think I'm gonna do
the baseball fans proud.